So, um...
Yeah. Fred. Wow. Trader Joe's Fred.
I would have because I think that
if I was in his position regardless of whether I
like that person or not, I would have accepted it, you know what I mean?
Yeah, so, mm, I'm good.
I mean, I'm not in a very good position right now.
What? Why are you, why are you specifically so...
interested in me texting.
mm mhmm
You almost invested your money if you think about it.
mm mm..
mm
What if I'm like 65%?
Fred. 65% in a negative position.
You would bet on the 35%
mm
Yeah, how about you though? And your...
Your your life regarding
yeah
I don't know anything.
Um... Talking stages? Are those real?
You won't do taking stages?
Do you do situationships?
Yeah,
I agree him. I agree him
I agree. I 100% agree. That's such a good take.
Ah, you have the best takes ever.
Wait, really? huh
Huh. are you huhuh
Wait that's so funny! huhuh
um, wow, there's nothing at all
Ohh..... Freshers?
Freshers? Oh my gosh.
I Know may be, I know what?
I Know the person personally
Was it, the guy that you met over the summer?
Dude, I don't know you showed me a photo
You like changed your bag.
He like carried your dog
Oh my god, oh
Huh? Oh, is, is it him or no?
mm
Really? Is it?
Oh yeah?
Oh my gosh.
He should, that's haa
Test test test. You should have you should have added like
EL. You know?
Yeah
Oh.
More? More? Oh wow.
Wow. Okay.
So who's the other one?
Wait is it from article?
huh?
Graduated.
graduated from our school? Give me a, huh?
What class?
when graduate graduated in class.
Recently?
recently enough, um, so not last year.
to the year before.
It was last year.
Yeah, that would make it worse. Last year.
He's what? Oh okay, okay.
But I might know him.
name
Okay. I don't think I know who it is. Again. Again.
Awesome sauce
It's okay. I also, oh my gosh, I'm gonna share this.
I also had a crush on someone in that casually
Huh? In the same graduating class?
One of my friend's older siblings.